
1. UX elements

Just like new- Have nice styling. Their forms and font look more sophisticated and clean. 
               
               They have a search button which I find extremely helpfull as many users don't have
               patience to look through the site. Most customers are using the website to mainly book a repair
               and that should be easily reached through the search button. 

               Standby Mobile device. This is helpful to a lot of people as not many own two mobile phones
               and users will approach that service who could cater to their needs, in this case making sure
               the user has a spare device which is very important for their professional life.

               Corporate- Separate form for corporates to cater to all their repair requirement. I think
               this is absolutely inportant as this will iService get big orders while it is convinient for corporates
               to get all their repairs done from one service provider. 

Ifix         - Ifix has an option for choice of store. Since Iservice has more than one store it is 
               better in my opinion to give the customer an option to choose the store closest to thier location. 

ITweak       - Booking repair- The UX design to book a repair is clear and more interactive with the customer.
               The biggest help with their approach is that the website propts the information and fields to be filled
               rather than the user having to make sure all the requisite fields are filled. The steps to book a repair are also clear. 

Frequently Asked Questions are a big boon to have on a website especially service providers as the customers generally
have similar questions to be answered and FAQ's help clear the doubts quickly. 




2. Pros and cons of Iservice website
Cons: (Includes all the above points)

i. The UI design can get a little more smoother. 
ii. The devices link - A bit confusing as to the process of choosing brand device and especially the model name. 



Pros:

i. Website is simple and clear. 
ii. Covers almost all aspects of repair services s compared to the competitors. 
iii. Comprehensive and good quality content on blog. 


3. Idea that will increase conversion

Buying and selling second hand devices - Users generally go to service centers with an intention to also buy and sell second
                                         devices. It is a possible idea as we have the capability to refurbish old devices and 
                                         sell them at a price. Exchange old devices with other old devices should also be possible. 
                                         


